bs-game-wip/todos.md, before:

- ~~intro screen/state~~
- gameover screen/state
- explosion effect/notification when ship is sunk
- Stress test
- Get started help
- component help tips
- ~~shot pending notification/overlay~~
- ~~offset grid to make edge cells entirely visible~~
- Make responsive for mobile?
- Prevent shots being placed on cells which are already hit
- minimap
- map legend
- look into code organization. Separate API calls from store methods.
- ~~Animate message log entries~~
- ~~animate hud windows~~
- highlight errors in message log
- display Remaining Cells chart
- add ability to scale teh map
- percentage bar for fleet strength
- ~~finish connection window~~
- move contract address var to env var
~~- Fetch game data on connection~~
- improve x,y coords.
- detect metamask disconnection


Game  mechanics notes
-Seeing all hits/misses before playing gives teh first mover a disadvantage. Result, no one makes the first move
-not being able to see the game state until after placing a bet makes interacting with an
almost complete board a frustrating experience.
- perhaps a portion of the pool can be received after a ship is sunk

Commit message:

WIP: Updates contract to emit game state when the user makes a guess. Updates the UI to support this new pattern.

bs-game-wip/todos.md, after:

- ~~intro screen/state~~
- gameover screen/state
- explosion effect/notification when ship is sunk
- Stress test
- Get started help
- component help tips
- ~~shot pending notification/overlay~~
- ~~offset grid to make edge cells entirely visible~~
- Make responsive for mobile?
- Prevent shots being placed on cells which are already displayed as hit
- minimap
- map legend
- look into code organization. Separate API calls from store methods.
- ~~Animate message log entries~~
- ~~animate hud windows~~
- highlight errors in message log
- display Remaining Cells chart
- add ability to scale teh map
- percentage bar for fleet strength
- ~~finish connection window~~
- move contract address var to env var
~~- Fetch game data on connection~~
- improve x,y coords display
- detect metamask disconnection
- ~~Update contract and UI as per discussion~~
- Persist game state on page reloads
- empty game state


Game  mechanics notes
-Seeing all hits/misses before playing gives teh first mover a disadvantage. Result, no one makes the first move
-not being able to see the game state until after placing a bet makes interacting with an
almost complete board a frustrating experience.
- perhaps a portion of the pool can be received after a ship is sunk
